let me give you your first orgasm of 24'
let me be your first of the year
$10 if u can last longer than 60s w me 
ill show u things you've only seen on the hub
let me be your first of 2024
nice pants, can i try the zipper?
i wanna taste myself on your fingers
would you let me taste ur fingers after?
i taste good 🍍
your clothes would look great on my bedroom floor
all that effort on your outfit for it to end up all off..
have a mirror plz, i like watching as it goes in
let me watch it go in
can i watch as it goes in?
your pants are bugging me, take them off..
life's too short to not do it raw
Biggest sale ever in my bedroom, clothes are NOW 100% off!
i hate my hair pulled. i'd love to hate you tonight
my favourite position is on my knees, begging for it
sorry, what was your name again? need to confirm what i'll be screaming later
whatever size ou are, my mouth would be the perfect fit
wanna see a magic trick? i can make 5 inches disappear!
thankfully i swiped right, or else you wouldn't have found your hottest hookup
I'm not into watching sunsets, but i'd love to see you go down
i know three ways to make five inches disappear
might not go down in history, but will go down on you
i need some vitamin D if you know what i mean
Caught my ex cheating, lets send him a video of us later
any space in your mouth for another tongue?
just wanna get nasty with someones son, is that too much to ask?
wanna sin together?
i love my bed but i'd rather be in yours
i like to keep on top of things. would you want to be one of them?
wont forget your name cuz i'll be screaming it later
i need someone to use the handcuffs in my drawer
lets have a party and invite your pants to come down
let me sit on your lap and talk about the first thing that pops up
fuck me if i'm wrong but dinosaurs still exist right?
i'm a mind reader and yes i will sleep with you 
i'm gonna wear my fuck-me dress for our first date
i used to take riding lessons. why dont you come over so i can show you?
got all this cake and no one to eat it
come see what this mouth can do
just the tip is for losers, spitters are quitters and i'm not a quitters
Ready for a magic show? I'll show what I can make disappear.
Doctor's orders, I need more vitamin D. Taking applications now.
Ever had your belt quality-checked? Wanna test?
That outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
Bite your lip and remember the taste of the last time we saw each other.
Flash sale alert: Everything you're wearing has got to go.
Is anyone even real on this app? Just message me already, I'm tryna be your sneaky link.
Not the one for slow replies and texting for weeks, let's go for drinks or something.
Got no time for a man, looking for something casual.
Can’t keep buying lingerie with no one to show it off to.
Roommates are away for the night so hmu.
Just ordered a new bed, need help breaking it in.
Netflix and chill but less Netflix and more ‘chilling’.
Text me first and the drinks are on me.
I know my next regret is on here somewhere.
just out of a relationship, so looking for someone to hit the spot
i don't sleep with everyone on purpose, it just happens
going on vacation in a few days so i'll give it up quick
looking for a guy to {blow my back out|put me in all positions|break my back|break me}
u will not pull it out, i promise 
only in the area for a few more days so if you're gonna hit me up do it already
only on here for A HU, just putting my intentions out there.
come and paint my face.
certified mind blower
not just minds i blow
want someone to CIM, if you get it text meeeee
IWYTCIMM, hmu if you understand lol
just ended something long term so looking for a quick link
just wanna be filled up
want someone to come and taste me
need someone who's nasty and rough
on here wanting some action, get to the point
let's skip the bs and get straight to the bit where you're pulling my jeans off
on here for some pipe lmao
need someone to reorganize my organs
sometimes nice always nasty
just want someone to make my mascara run
let me be your prettiest problem
short and sweet, 5'4 and taste amazing ;)
